in today's video I'm going to be showing
you the three proven ways to Market your
Amazon KDP books once you've got them
published now in order to make this
video as helpful as possible I'm even
going to switch you over to my own
computer I'll put you on screen
recording and you can see real examples
of each one of these strategies now in
addition to these three marketing
strategies at the end of this video I'm
also going to throw in the most
effective and 100% free thing that you
can do that is non-marketing related to
still increase your Amazon KDP sales so
guys sit back relax this is going to be
a very helpful video and without further
Ado let let's get straight into it all
right so before we even get into these
three proven strategies there is one
thing that I can share with you that is
going to give you a ton of value right
off the rip now what this is is that
there are specific types of books that
you can create and sell on Amazon KDP
that are going to organically sell
better than the rest now the reason for
this is that most people go into the
same categories of books in Amazon KDP
that means that there are a lot of
people competing on the same category
and there's only so many buyers out
there however there are certain
categories of books on Amazon KDP that
have very few people competing in them
but still have a large pool of buyers
these are the categories that I really
recommend creating your books in because
you're going to have to do very little
to no marketing and you're still going
to see organic sales now for the sake of
not holding anything back in these
videos I'm going to put up a big list of
good ideas for Amazon KDP but
specifically the best category that's
selling on its own is word search books
these have a really big pool of buyers
they still have a very small pool of
competitors and you're going to see a
lot of organic sales without doing any
marketing now with that being said not
many people know how to create these
word search books again that's why
there's a smaller pull of competitors if
you do want to learn how to create these
books I will put a link to a full
tutorial here on YouTube that walks you
through every step now with that huge
piece of advice out of the way now we
can get into these three proven
marketing strategies you can apply these
to any type of book for Amazon KDP I am
going to show you in this video real
examples using word searches that is
just going to be my absolute best advice
and that is where I would guide you to
if you are getting into Amazon KDP okay
so getting right into this the first
marketing strategy is using Tik Tok so
long as Tik Tok stays available in the
United States this is going to be one of
the best strategies that you can use so
if you come over to Tik Tok and you type
in Word Search you're going to see all
of these examples of people creating
videos about word searches word searches
are something that are just kind of
coming back as a trend people are trying
to get off digital devices and get into
something that is more analog or not
internet based so word searches are
starting to make a comeback on social
media so the strategy here is to create
faceless videos this one is actually on
camera but the idea would look something
like this so as you can see this is a
faceless video of doing a word search
puzzle and some of these videos have
hundreds of thousands of views but the
whole idea here is that if someone sees
this video they can click on it and then
although you can't put a link right here
which I really wish that you could you
can then say that there is a link to
this word search puzzle in your bio and
then when someone clicks on your bio you
can have a specific link right here so
as you can see this person creates a lot
of these similar videos some of them
have a lot of views this one has 3.4
million views 69,000 views but if you
have a link right here that goes to your
author page on Amazon this again is
going to be important this will link
people to something that looks like this
so this is an example of an author page
and it has all of the books that you
have specifically created now you can
customize this author page to have
specific books on here in specific
orders but this brings someone to Amazon
where they can purchase your books
directly now I never like to just tell
you guys about ideas and not show you
how to actually do them so if you don't
have one of these author Pages set up
it's totally free to set up all you do
is go over to Google typee in Amazon
author Central it is the first one right
here author. Amazon once you click on
that it's just going to bring you to
this page right here where you can join
for free and you can set up your author
page and choose which books get shown
there all right guys so that is the
first strategy it is totally free and it
absolutely works but that brings us into
the second strategy so what the second
strategy is is using Amazon ads now this
is paid but it's almost guaranteed to
work however what a lot of people don't
tell you is that you're not always going
to turn a profit if you spend enough
money on ads which I have done over the
years you are eventually going to get
sales however especially as a beginner
it is very challenging to make more
sales than you have spent money in ads
so to show you a real example of this if
you go over to Amazon you type in word
search books or any specific search that
is related to word searches you're going
to see all of the first ones here have
this little gray sponsored icon that
means that the person who created these
books is paying for those books to show
up first now underneath of those is
going to be all of the organically
listed books these are not being paid
for to be listed here but the concept
here is that you can pay Amazon to show
one of your specific books in the top of
the search results for any specific
search term some Search terms are going
to be more expensive to show up first
other Search terms are going to be
cheaper all of this is kind of based on
supply and demand of who is willing to
pay to have their books first but just
please keep in mind that if you are
starting this as a beginner you're
likely not going to turn a profit very
easily now the last thing that I will
say about Amazon ads that is really
important information to know is that
even if you can kind of get level where
you are spending money on ads but you're
not really turning a profit but it's
covering your costs that is is going to
get you sales and it is going to get you
reviews so assuming that your book is
good and the people who are buying your
book are leaving positive reviews those
positive reviews are worth a lot in the
long run they're going to help you to
get a higher organic rank so although
paying for Amazon ads does have its pros
and cons this one is totally going to be
up to your preference so guys with those
first two out of the way that brings us
into the third proven marketing strategy
and what this one is is using Pinterest
so if you come over to Pinterest and you
type in Word Search or if you click on
this you're going to see all of these
Auto suggestions these are all things
that other people are searching for on
Pinterest what you're going to find is a
lot of people putting screenshots of
their word search puzzles these are just
kind of teasers or things that people
can print out kind of a one-off of a
word search puzzle but as you scroll
through here you're going to see a lot
of these photos now something that I
love about Pinterest is it's 100% free
to post there's no limit on how many
times you can post and when you click on
any of these you're going to see that
you can have a direct link in each one
of these posts individually so you can
put a screenshot of one of the pages in
your puzzle and you can have a direct
link to it on Amazon this is a strat
straty that is still kind of going under
the radar I have learned this from print
on demand t-shirts and it applies to KDP
as well but a big pointer that I can
give you guys that you're not going to
find anywhere else is that instead of
just posting what everyone else is
posting here you can actually create
mockups of your word search books now
this applies to any other type of Amazon
KDP books as well so essentially there
are websites out there to create mockups
hands down the best one is going to be
place it I've been using them for so
long that I have a discount code from
them I will put a link to that down in
the description below but you can type
in book mockup in the search bar up here
you can go through all of these and you
can actually create mockups of what that
book would look like with all of these
professional models in the photos now if
you scroll down here just a little bit
further you're going to see that there
are 19 pages of specifically book
mockups so you do have a lot to choose
from so again to show you how to do this
just in a couple seconds click on the
one that you are thinking about using
click on edit and then all we have to do
is click on design and we can upload our
front cover now a little trick here for
you is that for all of you guys who have
created covers for Amazon KDP you know
that the cover is kind of a front cover
and back cover combined well all we need
is the front cover so the way to do this
is just to open up your front and back
cover and then what I do is just
screenshot this so you can do this on a
Mac by just using shift command 4 or you
can look up how to do this on a PC
computer this is the easiest way to do
this just get roughly close on that
cover right there and then go back over
to place it and we can just go to design
we can go upload from your device and
choose that screenshot and then it's
just going to confirm how this fits so I
can see that there's a little bit extra
on the sides so we are just going to
click on this hold it and drag it in
just a tiny tiny bit just to make sure
that there is nothing extra on the sides
this will give you a preview of how that
looks you can make sure it looks perfect
and then just click on crop and boom
there we go we have a custom mockup of
this word search book we didn't have to
take a photo of it we didn't have to
print it or anything and now we can
download that directly from playet and
we can upload this as a pin on Pinterest
now guys this was just one example here
but you can go into different themed
book mockups so if you have a camping
word search book you can get camping
themed book mock-ups this really opens
up a big opportunity to create marketing
content that no one else has now guys
again to be as transparent as possible
place it is a paid tool to use it does
cost a couple dollars per month but I
will put that discount code down in the
description below if you do want to use
it all right so now we're on to the last
part in this video so as mentioned those
are the three proven marketing
strategies for Amazon KDP books however
there is one thing that you can do that
is non-marketing related 100% free to do
and it is going to organically increase
your sales so switching you back over to
the computer what this is is making sure
that you have keywords related to the
niche of your word search book or your
Amazon KDP book in your title in your
subtitle and then again in your
description if you don't fill these in
properly and you just skimp on your
title subtitle and description you are
losing out on so many organic sales
because Amazon's not going to know who
to show your book to so just to give you
guys an example in my title I always put
a very simple title just saying the main
niche of that book and then in my
subtitle I leave the opportunity to put
in three related niches so horses
horseback riding and horse racing I want
to get as many relevant keywords into
that title without being too spammy to
where Amazon wants it to look more more
professional and having three of them in
here seems to be the perfect happy
medium now the last thing that is really
important to know is your description
you want to make sure that you have
keywords throughout your description as
well I have a specific process that I
use to create all of my descriptions and
make sure that I have keywords
throughout it if you do want to learn
this process and everything else that I
do for Amazon KDP I will put a link to a
full Amazon KDP tutorial down in the
description below it is 100% free here
on YouTube and it has so much
information in it showing my whole
process that it probably could be a paid
course all right guys that's it for this
one if you enjoyed this video please
give it a thumbs up and if you have any
questions at all just let me know down
in the comments otherwise I'll plan on
seeing you guys all in the next video